>> GRUG: Tonight we will hear the story of Crispy Bear.
A long time ago,
this little bear was alive
because she listened to her father.
So she was happy.
But Crispy had one terrible problem.
She was filled with
curiosity.
Yes! And one day
she saw something new and died!
>> THUNK: Just like that?
>> GRUG: Yes!
>> GRAN: Same ending as everyday.
>> THUNK: I get it dad, I will never do anything new or different.
>> GRUG: Good man, Thunk
>> EEP: Ughhh
[music]
>> EEP: My family has always survived by
>> living by my dad's one rule:
Never leave the cave.
>> EEP: We never had a
>> chance to explore the outside world.
>> EEP: But what we didn't know was that
>> our world
>> was about to change.
>> GRUG: EEP!
>> GRUG: COME DOWN!
>> GRUG: Into the cave!
>> GRUG: GO!
[yelling and rocks falling]
>> GRUG: LOOK OUT!
>> EEP: You really need to see this.
[squawk]
[music]
>> EEP: It's so beautiful.
[screaming]
>> THUNK: Ahhhh!
>> GRUG: GO! GO!
>> ALL: AHHHHHH!
>> Dreamworks The Croods